How can you Shangguan Heng look so good?
Are you all right?
I'm fine, I'll go first
What are you doing jumping so fast?
Hey, it's not very safe around Jincheng right now
Be careful when you go out.
What's wrong?
A disease that has infected many people
Now people are uneasy
The atmosphere is tense
Is it an infectious industry?
Not really.
Although infected with the disease, no one in the whole family was spared
But fortunately it won't infect others
What a strange disease, you still
Are you finished?
It's ready.
Miss Xie, remember to delete within seven days and do not touch water.
Fang Xiaoxiao
The queen once made you a side concubine for the Holy King